Hello. Guess what? It's Pastry Week.
Are you excited for Pastry Week, Noel?
I am. Prue's made us all these
fabulous pastries to get us in the mood.
-Try one of these, they're delish-delosh.
-I certainly will.
[disembodied voice]
Don't eat me. I'm nice.
Did you hear something?
-No.
-Oh.
[disembodied voice] Murderer.
-Welcome…
-[both] …to the Great British Baking Show.
Halfway to paradise.
[Matt] The bakers face
the perils of Pastry Week…
It's bonkers.
[Matt] …taking on some
of the most intricate challenges…
-There's so many steps in this.
-[Matt] …ever set.
This is definitely the hardest so far.
[Matt] Making architecture edible.
-[exhales]
-[Matt] But the wrong kind of flaky…
Just really baffled.
-This is a joke.
-[Matt] …can see the best of plans…
This is what this entire bake hinges on.
[Laura in sing-song voice]
This is horrendous.
[Matt] …come crashing down.
[opening theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
It's Pastry Week. [chuckles]
This is the week that I wanted to get to
'cause I know that I can make pastry.
You know, lots of us mums can make pastry.
I can finally say
that I am looking forward to Pastry Week.
It is my week. [laughing]
[Peter] Halfway has suddenly
crept up on us, hasn't it?
It feels bizarre
that we're already at this point.
Yeah, we're so far through.
Erm, exciting, though.
[Mark] I do like making pastry
but I have to say that this is definitely
one of the weeks
where a lot could go wrong.
Nobody wants a soggy bottom.
Got a crisp bottom. [chuckles]
[Laura] A bit apprehensive,
actually, about pastry.
The judges want to see
a bit more refinement from me,
so I want to show them
that I can do elegant. Yeah.
Good morning, bakers.
Welcome back to the tent for Pastry Week,
and it's time
for your signature challenge.
Today, Paul and Prue would like you each
to make your version
of the Cornish national dish, the pasty.
[Noel] You need
to make eight identical pasties.
You can use
any pastry or filling you choose,
but feel free to personalise
them with a decorative finish.
They need to be at least 15cm long,
but they can be any shape you like.
Noel, what shape would yours be?
Mine would be in the shape
of Paul Hollywood's powerful buttocks.
[Matt] Mmm, delish-delosh.
[Noel] You have two hours.
-[Matt] On your marks…
-Get set…
Bake.
Hello, hello, pasties.
Good pastry will make a good pasty.
Nice and buttery.
Packed with filling.
Why did they have to say
it's a Cornish national dish?
Just to give me more pressure. [exhales]
[Prue] It's Pastry Week.
Most of our challenges
are pure baking challenges.
This time, the bakers
have to be good cooks, too,
'cause what's going inside
the pasty takes real cooking.
The trick is choosing
your pastry and your filling wisely.
You don't want it to be too dry.
As you bite into the pasty,
the buttery layer from the shell
must be nice and thin, crispy,
then inside, as you hit that filling,
you want a bit of moisture in there.
[Prue] It doesn't
have to be a Cornish pasty shape.
Can be any shape they like,
but we want crimping.
[Paul] Halfway through now,
and I expect the bakers
to start pushing themselves
and coming up with some ingenious
ways to really impress the judges.
I want to eat
the best pasties I've ever had.
-Hello, Laura.
-Morning.
-Making a mess again.
-Yeah.
-[all laugh]
Tell us about your pasty.
So I'm going quite traditional.
I'm doing a cheese and onion pasty.
Paul just said to me, not 30 seconds ago,
that he likes a cheese and onion pasty.
-Oh, really?
-[Paul] Yeah.
[Matt] Laura's pimping
her traditional cheese and onion filling
with leeks, cream and fresh thyme,
and she's aiming to impress
with her choice of pastry, too.
I'm doing a cheat's puff pastry
learnt from a book
from a very famous baker
-called Paul Hollywood.
-[Noel laughs]
-I think you'll do well on this challenge.
-You reckon?
-[Paul chuckles]
-If it falls to bits, it's his fault.
-Yeah.
-I'm not taking the blame.
-Good luck.
-[Laura] Thank you.
Just can't mess it up. [laughs]
[Noel] But she's not the only baker
taking a risk making rough puff.
Flaky pastry,
doesn't matter how you get there, right?
[Noel] Lottie, Peter, and Linda
are all using it
to reimagine the traditional pasty.
You're meant to see
streaks of butter in your pastry.
Doing an envelope fold. An envelope fold?
Letter fold? I don't know.
[Noel] While rivals Mark, Marc
and Dave are making a sturdy shortcrust.
[Mark] You could overwork it.
You don't want it to turn tough.
[Matt] But Hermine's creating a pastry
that's entirely her own.
It's not quite a puff pastry,
but it's not a short pastry either.
I kind of want the best of both worlds.
[Noel] Hermine's hybrid pastry
will be packed
with a tangy Moroccan-spiced
lamb tagine and chickpea filling.
I think it sounds absolutely delicious,
as long as the pastry
doesn't fall to bits.
[all laugh]
Thank you. [chuckles]
How much chilli have I got?
Have I got too much? [laughs]
[Matt] Planning to pack
a punch with his pasties is Mark.
[Mark] So I'm doing
aloo gobi and paneer pasties
which will be spiced
with lots of turmeric, cumin, coriander,
lots of ginger and garlic.
So a lot going on in this.
[Matt] Mark's Indian-inspired
cauliflower and paneer pasties
will even come with spiced pastry
as he tries to curry favour
with Paul and Prue again.
Last week, Star Baker.
How do you feel today?
It feels nice coming into this week,
but definitely the nerves don't go away.
That's the sad thing,
Star Baker doesn't guarantee anything.
-No.
-Trying to take it away from you.
[Mark] I know, already, yeah.
You know you have
to prove yourself every time.
Exactly, yeah, absolutely.
Really grateful for the smell
of fish early in the morning.
-Is that you?
-That's going crazy.
[Noel] Getting the pasty fillings right…
Oh, that's gorgeous.
[Noel] …is just as crucial
as producing flawless pastry.
You can never
have too much cheese. Bit more?
Just whack it all in.
[Noel] Incredible flavours…
Not sure I can fit
any more spices in this.
[Noel] …must be complemented
with a perfectly balanced texture.
I'm happy with that.
[Lottie] I am making
toad-in-the-hole pasties.
I'm actually calling it
toad-in-the-hole-less pasty
because I wasn't sure
what was the toad and what was the hole.
[Noel] Lottie's take on this old favourite
will see mashed potato,
onion, sage and fennel gravy
and Lincolnshire sausage
packed into her pasty.
Oh, Lottie,
I am not totally convinced by this.
I just think it could be
really stodgy or soggy.
Mash and gravy.
-[Noel] It sounds delicious.
-It does.
-[Prue] You're always original.
-Love toad-in-the-hole.
Thank you. I'll take that.
-I have hope, if not faith.
-[Lottie laughs]
Thanks, that's all I need.
Know what? I'm gonna take that with me.
Home probably,
but still, I am gonna take it.
Bakers, weirdly,
we are already halfway through.
Wow, where does the time go?
Into a small bum bag
that Paul Hollywood wears.
[Matt chuckles]
That's where time goes, kids.
Concerned about time now,
to be honest, it's really disappearing.
[Lottie] I think this is my third turn.
Can't go too many.
More turns, more lamination.
[Matt] If making perfect pastry
isn't time consuming enough,
Peter's planning on sculpting
a whole school of fish pasties.
[Peter] I'm saying that these pasties
are in the shape of a haddock
'cause they've got smoked haddock in it.
But it's more shaped
like just generic fish. [chuckles]
[Matt] His carefully crafted pasties
will be filled
with a haddock and kedgeree rice
and have a boiled egg centre
and come complete with puff pastry scales.
Do you even slightly think
about getting to the final?
[chuckles] Yeah,
you want to do the best you can.
[Noel] It's burning you up inside.
That's why I love you,
'cause you're really competitive.
I'd be like that.
[Noel] Peter's not the only baker
hoping to secure victory
by giving pasties a whole new look.
They're gonna be in the shape of a samosa.
We've been to Goa a couple of times.
I used to walk quite a way in the morning
just to get these samosas
that were absolutely beautiful.
[Noel] Linda's Goan-inspired pasties
will be filled with spiced chicken,
coriander and potato,
with a design flourish
that's not leaving anything to fate.
I'm going to attempt
to put a little karma symbol…
Oh, okay. Nice.
…in nigella seeds.
I'm hoping that it does stay there.
If you don't mark this highly,
it's gonna come back at you.
[Linda and Paul laugh]
[Matt] Dave's also
taking inspiration from his travels.
[Dave] My filling's based
on a meal that I had in Thailand.
So this is a, erm,
Thai chilli basil chicken pasty.
[Matt] Dave's chicken
and jasmine rice filling
will come with a sweet chilli
dipping sauce on the side,
and his pasties
will be decorated with chilli motifs.
[Dave] They're not too hot.
They're bird's eye chillies.
It gives the pasty a kick
rather than an overpowering chilli taste.
So now, I am on to rolling out my pastry
and cutting out the shapes for my pasties.
[Dave] Hopefully that's rested.
-[Noel] With 45 minutes of the bake left…
-[Marc] Not being too precise.
[Noel] …the bakers must
carefully manage every remaining second.
[Mark] I wanna get them nice and thin.
But it's taking me
absolutely ages to get these right.
[Noel] The more time
spent on building their pasties…
I've gotta make sure
the filling is completely cold
before I add it into the pastry,
or else it'll just melt the pastry.
[Noel] …the less time
they'll get in the oven.
[Laura] Fairly generous
amount of filling goes in there.
That is quite tasty,
actually, I must admit.
Gotta be mindful not to put too much on,
which is what I normally do
and then struggle to crimp it.
[Noel] Having set up home
in the Southwest,
Marc's got a lot riding on
his reinterpretation of the iconic pasty.
-You are from Cornwall, aren't you?
-[Marc] No pressure then, is there?
Technically, I'm from up north,
so that's my get-out clause
if they go wrong.
No, you are representing Cornwall.
-You may not be able to go back.
-Won't let me back in.
[Noel] Marc's paying homage
to the Cornish coast with a monkfish,
samphire, creamy lemon sauce filling
encased in a shortcrust shell sealed
with traditional pleated crimps.
How many, erm, pleats are you doing?
-Don't know, as many as I can.
-Okay.
-Should there…
-There is a certain number.
-[Marc] Really?
-Yeah. I'm not gonna tell you now.
-[chuckles]
-[Matt] It's down to the bakers
how many crimps
they use to seal their pasties.
Apparently, the perfect
Cornish pastry has got 20 crimps.
We don't want none of that on it, really.
It's just typically samosa-style.
My technique
is press the pastry over itself
using your fingers,
and hope it looks like a crimp.
-[Laura] Oh, it's a bit messy.
-[Lottie] This is now melting
because it's been
out of the freezer too long.
[Marc] That's the last one.
[Mark] Just giving it an egg wash.
It gives a nice glaze and shine.
[Noel] I like to imagine
that when Paul has a bath,
he has a bath of egg wash. [chuckles]
That's how he gets that nice bronze look.
I'm adding on some wee scales.
It's quite slapdash.
I know that they're
supposed to be nice and neat,
but I'd rather they were cooked.
Right, I'm going in.
[Marc] I'll put them in
for 35 minutes and check.
How long do we have left?
[comical cockney accent] Bakers, you got
a half hour left. Don't muck about.
I won't have time for highly-decorated.
[Dave] This is for
the chillies on the top.
[Mark] Don't have time,
so they're gonna go in as they are.
I was gonna put a little, erm…
[Noel] Karma sign on.
Yeah, but I'm gonna just get the seeds on.
At least get some in the oven.
Let's not have that speak.
-That's true.
-You'll get them all out.
-I'll get them all out.
-You know why?
'Cause you're Linda,
the inventor of the karma pasty. [laughs]
What will be will be on that lot.
[Mark] I'll give them 20 minutes at 200,
then I'll reduce the temperature.
Let's hope they cook. [laughs]
Bakers, you've got 15 minutes.
Well, 15 minutes left
and they need another 20 minutes. So…
That doesn't really add up, does it?
It is cooked inside,
but you also need the nice brown colour.
[Linda] Oh, gosh.
I'm gonna need a miracle.
Just put another egg wash on
'cause they're not very golden.
Don't know whether to turn them up.
Is that a bad idea?
I've got it on 250.
It's like a pizza oven in there. [laughs]
-How's it going?
-All right.
-Any leakage?
-Yeah, all the leakage.
Butter is melting out,
not crimped properly.
-Good sign.
-They're not great.
This is a Thai sweet chilli dipping sauce.
Bring that to a boil. Come on.
[Mark] Still a little bit pale.
I want them to be darker.
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
-[Marc] Right. I'm coming out.
-[Laura] I think these bad boys are done.
Crispy underneath.
Look like fish and they're pasties.
[Linda] I'm gonna swap 'em round.
[Lottie] Oh, God.
Bakers, you have one minute.
[Lottie] Okay, I'm coming out.
Can you tell me when it's 30 seconds?
[Linda] I'll take 'em out
the very last second.
[Lottie] My cousin made
these toads for toad-in-the-hole.
-[Dave] Right, here we come.
-All right.
-[Linda exclaims]
-Bakers, your time is up.
-Oh.
-[Noel] Stop what you're doing.
Place your pasties
at the end of your work station.
Oh!
[Mark] Rustic is good for pasties, right?
They're as fine
as you can be with a pasty.
[chuckles]
I'm thinking,
it's a shame there's no crimp.
[Matt] The bakers' signature pasties
are about to face
Pastry Week's first judging.
-Hello, Marc.
-Hello.
-Hello, Matt.
-[Matt] Hello.
You have the weight
of all of Cornwall on your shoulders.
I certainly have,
which is making me nervous.
You're lacking on the number of pleats.
-How many should there be?
-I think it's 20 or 21.
I was getting close.
You're about seven, eight short.
-Yeah.
-[Prue chuckles]
[Paul] The biggest
problem is that they look a bit pale.
Especially this one.
You haven't brushed it properly.
Flavour's good but it's bone-dry.
You have cream in that?
-Yeah.
-[Paul] Probably a little more cream.
That would've given you
more moisture in the mouth.
-A bit too dry for me.
-[Marc] Okay.
Lovely pastry. I think that
if you'd done it faster and hotter,
-you might've kept more of the colour.
-Okay.
The overall look of this one is fantastic.
It is like a flat fish. Looks great.
[Prue] I was a bit
worried it would be stodgy,
but in fact, it's certainly not.
If anything, it's a bit dry.
There's a nice kick of flavour there,
but unfortunately,
you've got rice sitting on a pastry,
which is very good, but quite dry.
They're a bit messy. You've lost the
definition in the pleats across the top.
-But I like the colour of them.
-[Prue] I think it's very witty.
[Paul] Very flaky, which is good.
[whispers] Nice.
They taste amazing.
The mash works really well.
Do you remember
I said it won't work? I was wrong.
It is very, very good.
It doesn't look good,
but the textures, the flavours
are all spot on. Tastes amazing.
Can you book me one?
-Yeah, I'll book you one.
-I'm serious.
-Yeah, yeah.
-I want one. That one.
[laughing]
[Prue] They're very nice and even.
They're nicely glazed, well-baked.
They're the right colour.
-Those are little chillies on top.
-[Dave] Yes.
-[Prue] They're very impressive.
-Thank you.
I think your flavour's okay.
I think it's a bit dry.
You put too much rice in there.
-Okay.
-[Paul] Because the rice
is gonna dry everything out
and soak everything in.
You lost the flavour of the chicken.
But otherwise,
the pastry's good and it's all right
to eat, it just doesn't wow me.
Okay, fair enough.
-[Prue] Can I taste it with your sauce?
-[Dave] Yes. Yeah.
That would've made a huge difference.
It has that sweetness and the chilli,
and there's a bit of kick.
Thank you.
[Prue] You know, that is really
what a pasty should look like.
It's full, the pastry looks beautiful.
Soft and tender.
But firm enough to,
if not hurl over a hedge,
-at least hold in your hand.
-[chuckles]
It tastes beautiful.
The spices in there, the chilli in there,
it's just the right amount.
It's got a nice kick of heat.
The textures are spot on.
It's gorgeous. Very good.
Heaven.
You do realise
a handshake from me is valueless.
-It's a lot of value to me.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
There you are, Mark.
-Phew. That's all right.
-You were a bit worried.
-I was.
-Well done.
[exhales]
Another couple
of minutes perhaps in the oven.
I was running behind…
-[Paul] So you were rushing…
-A bit, yes.
-Nice and full.
-[Paul] Mmm-hmm.
That's beautiful.
The lamb's cooked beautifully.
-Thank you.
-[Paul] The flavours, the spices.
Just the right amount
of veg to meat. It's beautiful.
[Paul] That's a lovely pasty.
Because you've got a good
pastry on the outside, it's quite buttery.
-[Prue] It's really delicious.
-Thank you.
-Thank you very much indeed.
-Well done.
Thank you.
Sorry they didn't like it.
Phew.
You did read the stuff about
we were going to want them crimped?
-Did you miss that?
-Oh. I missed that in the brief. Sorry.
-So we have a samosa, essentially.
-[Linda] Yes.
[Paul] I like the colour of them.
They're a little bit white in places
and broken up slightly.
Bit longer in the oven.
[Linda] Yes, absolutely.
[Prue] Your stencilling didn't work…
-[Linda] No.
-[Prue] You know what,
-it looks very nice.
-[Paul] The flavours are fantastic.
You've got the idea
of the samosa right in there.
I'd like to have seen the crimping.
-Hmm.
-[Paul] But what I do like
is the combination of
the butteriness with the samosa filling.
Would be a delicious lunch.
-[Paul] Well done.
-Thank you.
Nice colour. You've got
a beautiful golden brown colour.
Got a little bit of crimping on the edge.
-Bit irregular in size.
-I like that they're nice and fat.
Good lots of filling in there.
[Paul] Nice flaky pastry. The filling
in there going right to the sides.
Mmm…
Heaven. I love that.
It's flaky, pastry's holding together.
It's moist in the middle
but not wet. I could gobble it up.
-[Paul] Hmm.
-Thank you.
You've got
the perfect blend of ingredients.
-Texture and flavour is spot on.
-Thank you.
[Prue and Paul] Well done.
-Thanks.
-Well done, Laura.
-I'll take that.
Oh, my God, that was amazing!
To impress Paul with a pastry,
and Prue with the filling,
like, double whammy.
They liked it. What, what!
I knew the flavours
were gonna be good. I could smell them.
[Lottie] I'm worried about the technical
because with pastry,
they can do literally anything.
If I could not be bottom
in technical again, that'd be great.
[Noel] As usual, the bakers
could practise their signatures,
but what they will bake in the technical
is only now about to be revealed.
Bakers, it's now time
for your technical challenge,
which today has been set by Prue.
Prue, thanks for joining us in the tent.
Do you have any words of advice?
This is all about refinement,
so the inside must be
as perfect as the outside.
This technical challenge
will be judged blind,
so could you two please leave the tent.
We'll see you later on.
Prue would like you
to make three raspberry
and three salted-caramel éclairs.
[emphasizing Ps]
Prue is looking for precision,
perfect piping, baked until golden brown.
You have two hours and 15 minutes.
On your marks…
-Get set…
-Bake.
[exhales]
[Mark] Lot of steps in this recipe.
[Dave] I've just grabbed
all the saucepans.
I've not made éclairs before.
I've made choux before, but not éclairs.
Éclairs would be easy,
but it's not just éclairs.
There's a lot going on.
I'm not sure about this one.
Prue, éclairs as a technical challenge.
Personally, I think it's a good one.
[Prue] Most people
think éclairs are very easy,
but if you want really high-end,
elegant, special ones,
then you have to do a lot of work.
There's one choux pastry for all of these.
They've all made choux pastry.
They ought to be able to make it well.
Then make crème pât to fill them all with.
Half of that crème pât
needs to be flavoured with salted caramel,
and the other half,
seedless raspberry puree.
The little kick from the salted caramel
with the sweetness in the raspberry,
you've got a nice balance between the two.
It's a very difficult technical challenge.
We're halfway through.
The bakers that are left are really good.
You carry on talking, I'm eating.
[both chuckle]
[Laura] So, it says…
"Make the choux."
So, just make the choux.
Pop the sugar, the milk, the water
and the butter into a pan,
-and heat it over a low heat.
-[Dave] Chuck the flour in.
[Laura] Mix, mix, mix,
so it forms a paste.
[Linda] It's just not thick enough.
It's just not what I expected at all.
Oh. It's a long time since I made it,
so I'm not 100% sure about this.
All right on éclairs?
All right on éclairs,
but there's so many steps.
[Noel] There's a lot of reading.
She writes books.
There's quite a racy scene between,
er, two farmhands there.
I'm gonna add the eggs bit by bit
until you get the right consistency.
[Dave] I think it's meant
to stick to the spoon.
Not want to come off from it very well.
[Lottie] Has to be dropping consistency.
You're looking
for a V-shape off a spatula or spoon.
A reluctant drop.
[Laura] That's what you want,
there's your "V."
Gonna pipe the choux out
onto the baking tray.
[Hermine] I need to pipe carefully.
I'm happy with them.
[inhales sharply] Yeah, they'll do.
These are going in the oven.
[Peter] It doesn't give instructions
on how long to bake these for.
I'm gonna start off with 15,
see how they're going,
then just take a view from there.
No, I'm not… I'm not certain that's right.
Not certain that's right at all.
I'm making, er, my crème pât.
Crème pâtissière is just custard.
Just a posh word for custard.
[Peter] Don't want it lumpy.
I'll keep stirring it
whilst it's heating up.
[Lottie] Absolutely no idea
what I'm doing.
Just finding new ways
to make scrambled egg.
[Marc] It's a bit grainier
than I'd like it to be.
It's too wet. There's too many
elements that can go wrong on this.
-[Noel] Are you left-handed?
-[Dave] I am.
A left-hander has never won.
Cheers for that vote of confidence.
Someone who's ever worn
a yellow T-shirt has never won.
Oh, no.
[Linda] They're not rising.
I would've expected
to see some movement in it.
They're looking a bit oily.
[Laura] I think they're cooked.
[Mark] They have risen
quite a lot, haven't they?
They look nice and crisp on the outside.
[Lottie] They could be fatter.
I don't know how I'll fill them.
[Dave] They're not lovely golden brown.
They will have to do.
[Marc] They've already
deflated a little bit. [sighs]
[Linda] No, that's not happening.
Right, let's have another think.
You have roughly one hour,
seven minutes and 30 seconds left.
-[Noel] Halfway through.
-You can put it like that.
I'm gonna do the choux again.
Hopefully I've got time to bake it.
To make the caramel, 100 grams of sugar.
[Hermine] So in we go.
[Mark] Every time
I make caramel here, it goes wrong.
I'm gonna keep it on a low heat,
and then I'm just not gonna touch it ever.
[Hermine] Gotta keep my eye
on that caramel.
-Er, it's taking, like, forever.
-[Mark] Doesn't look right, does it?
-Is it harder to cook on television?
-Yeah.
Would you go on any other shows?
-Would you go on Naked Attraction?
-[laughing]
I wouldn't go on Naked Attraction
'cause my body is my own business.
[laughing]
I'm really not sure
what to do if that doesn't work.
I'm gonna just try
and gather the elements as much as I can.
I'm gonna mash them up a bit.
Make a seedless raspberry puree.
I'm leaving the seeds in there,
then once it's pureed down,
I'll sieve it, get rid of the seeds.
[Laura] Just a little bit thin.
Don't know if that will set.
[Peter] So now I am making
the salted-caramel sauce.
This is gonna be mixed with the crème pât
to make a nice salted-caramel custard.
[Hermine] It says one teaspoon of salt.
[Mark] Quite dark.
But I just need to get it chilled now
so I can fold it into the crème pât.
Just really baffled. They don't look
like they're gonna do anything different.
Don't know why
I'm making all the additional bits
if I've got nothing to put them in.
[chuckling nervously]
Do you want me to…
go to the supermarket
and buy some éclairs?
I think you'd better.
Split my crème pât into two,
now I'm folding it through
the raspberry and the salted caramel.
I am kind of feeling
in my comfort zone right now. It's good.
[Hermine] It looks beautiful indeed.
It's a little bit lumpy.
Think it'll be… I think it'll be okay.
I know I'll be really out of time,
but I'm gonna have one more go.
Gonna remake the choux.
Bakers, you have half an hour left.
Now what? "Fill three
of the éclairs with raspberry filling."
I'm doing this so back-handedly.
I thought
rather than doing crème pâtissière,
I'll make
a raspberry yoghurt to go inside.
So here it goes.
Just totally dripping out of it.
I'm not sure why that's happened.
I think my puree wasn't thick enough
when I added it to the crème pât.
[Marc] Chouxs have collapsed,
difficult to get the stuff in.
Just have to go with it, I think, today.
Tastes all right.
It looks split, though. Oh, my God.
[Dave] Crème pât's too wet.
[Mark] Oh, terrible.
My crème pât is just flat. Ugh.
[Peter] The salted-caramel icing
is gonna be piped over the top.
[Lottie] It's not my finest work.
-[beeping]
-Ooh.
Nearly didn't have those then. [chuckles]
Third time lucky.
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
[Peter] Crikey.
[Linda] I'm not sure what to do with them.
Hashtag, winging it.
[Dave] This is not my usual
highly-decorated standard.
[Hermine] There's a lot going on at once.
-[Mark] Just gonna be slapdash.
-[Lottie] I'm so stressed.
[Linda] They can have a dip
of the crème pâtissière and the coulis,
you know, I've done what I can.
-[exhales]
-[Laura] This is horrendous.
-Bakers, your time is up.
-[exhales deeply]
[Linda] Disappointed.
Please bring your éclairs
down to the front
and place them behind your photographs.
At least he gets
mine out of the way first.
[Linda] Well done. [chuckles]
[Matt] Prue and Paul
are looking for six elegant éclairs.
Three filled
with a salted-caramel crème pât,
and three with a raspberry crème pât.
-[Paul] Shall we start with this one?
-[Prue] Yeah.
[Paul] The toppings
are sort of there or thereabouts.
[Prue] They're more or less
the right colour.
[Paul] Yeah.
[Prue] Let's see
what the crème pât's like.
Oh, this one is empty.
And that one is runny.
It's completely liquid. Mmm, nice flavour.
Flavour's all right, but it's too thick.
The consistency on the éclair
and the crème pât's not right.
Moving on.
These look quite neat, all the same size.
[Prue] This icing has set all right.
[Paul] Look at that. It's split.
The raspberry flavour's there,
but the consistency is wrong inside.
What?
-Those weren't finished.
-It's a dip one.
-Oh, I see, I get it. I see.
-[Prue laughs]
[Paul] There's no rise in that.
It's obviously got no flour in it.
Can't understand that.
[Paul] That's terrible.
-[Prue] Hmm.
-[Paul] Right, moving on.
-[Prue] These are rather fat.
-[Paul] But having said that,
they look like éclairs.
The raspberry one actually tastes okay
and the éclair is baked well.
Yes, not bad effort.
-[Paul] Moving on.
-[Prue] Bit skinny.
[Paul] They look neat enough.
[Prue] The pastry
is just not baked enough.
Though the flavours of both are okay.
-[Prue] Hmm.
-[Paul] It's the textures that are wrong.
[Prue] This is
an original take on the icing.
Looks like a giant caterpillar.
[Paul] Needed longer in the oven.
There's a lot wrong with this éclair.
The crème pât is scrambled.
The pastry is really soft and underbaked.
Okay, I'm cheering up a little here
because these are more or less okay.
-That's empty.
-[Paul] Empty.
-[Prue] This one's got some…
-[Paul] The caramel in there's okay.
[Prue] Yes, but there's very little
crème pât in the middle.
[Paul] Nothing in there.
Moving on to the last one.
These are all the same, quite neat.
The right consistency with the crème pât.
-Good flavour as well.
-Mmm.
-[Paul] Not bad at all. Very good.
-[Prue] No.
[Noel] The judges will now
rank the éclairs from worst to best.
[Paul] In eighth spot comes
as no surprise, er, this one.
Whose is this? Linda.
Few issues with your choux,
your caramel hasn't gone on the top
and there's no crème pât inside.
-In seventh place, we have this.
-That's mine.
They're a bit long and thin
and a bit underbaked.
Yeah.
[Noel] Laura takes sixth,
Dave is fifth and Lottie gets fourth.
In third place, we have this one.
Mark, you were redeemed by the fact
that the pastry was well-cooked,
and that they tasted delicious,
but they were really messy.
In second spot, we have this one.
These are pretty good,
but they could've been
a little bit thinner.
They're just a little bit too fat.
Which means the winner is this one.
Peter, they were delicious.
My only quarrel
was they were probably a bit fat,
but I thought they were lovely.
We both did. Well done.
-[all clapping]
-[imperceptible]
First time I've won a technical.
So, take it off the bucket list.
The Bake Off bucket list.
Really happy, ended well.
Er, it wasn't my finest hour, that one.
Two hours trying to make a choux pastry.
Disgusting. [laughing]
But tomorrow's another day.
[Noel] There's just one challenge left
before Paul and Prue
decide who will be Star Baker
and who will be leaving the tent today.
Bakers, welcome back to the tent.
It's time for your showstopper challenge.
Paul and Prue
would like you each to make a caged tart.
An exquisite sweet tart
contained within
an intricately-latticed pastry cage.
You can work
with any type of pastry you like,
but it must be
self-supporting and highly decorative.
And remember, this is your showstopper,
so it needs to look and taste superb.
Matthew, did you know the caged tart was
actually invented by actor Nicolas Cage?
Yes, Noel, I did know that.
Did you know that
Nicolas Cage is a big fan of this show?
-Really?
-Yes.
He watches this
and Homes Under the Hammer.
You have three hours, 45 minutes
to complete your caged tart.
-On your marks…
-Get set…
Bake!
[sighing]
The sun is shining, yeah, and I'm smiling.
[Linda laughing]
I am, at the moment,
er, till we're dishing up.
[Laura] This is a really tough challenge.
You know, anyone can make a tart,
but making a caged tart…
The biggest issue is the cage, no doubt.
I've never managed
to make this caged tart in its entirety.
Why would you make a caged tart?
It's bonkers. It looks beautiful.
You're supposed to showcase it,
not cage it.
[Prue] We've gone all out here.
We want the most elegant,
latticed cage made of pastry.
The cage can't be too solid
that you can't see the tart.
And it's gotta be structurally sound.
It's quite a difficult challenge.
This has to be a really special tart.
It has to be luscious.
The kind of tart that
you really want to eat a huge amount of,
but shouldn't because it's very rich.
What I'm looking for
is a very thin, crispy base,
lots of filling punching with flavour,
and a beautifully decorated top.
They're good bakers.
I have every confidence.
First hour is all about
me getting my doughs ready.
[Matt] The bakers are free to use
whatever pastry they choose.
I'm making
a sweet pastry for the tart itself,
then I'm doing
a different pastry for the cage.
[Matt] But must keep in mind
each dough has a different job to do.
This is the sweet crust pastry
for the tart case.
[Matt] The tart
must be crisp and delicious…
I'm just making my hazelnut pastry now.
[Matt] …while the cage
must be strong and sturdy.
I'm gonna have to say
it's a French sweet pastry
because I can't pronounce…
[Mark] This is my,
er, pâte sucrée tart base.
It's a crumbly pastry, but it's not
so crumbly that I can't work with it.
[Lottie] Making
three different types of pastry.
It is, after all, Pastry Week.
[Noel] Lottie's bake will be housed
in an ambitious choux-pastry pyramid cage.
Unusually for a tart,
it will have pastry layers
with pureed, caramelised and raw apple
sandwiched in between.
[Paul] I question
whether it would be a tart without sides.
[Lottie] I looked up
the definition of the word "tart."
It's from an old French word
that means flat pastry.
[Prue] Right.
-Are you confident?
-I'm confident in all but the cage.
[Matt] But there's more than one
pyramid under construction today.
[Dave] The cage is inspired by the Louvre.
I don't know if it's showstopper
incredible, but we'll wait and see.
[Matt] Dave's aiming to serve
a set mango and lime filling
on a cocoa and sweet pastry base
presented in a Parisian
museum-inspired cage.
Interesting flavours.
Like the idea of mango and lime.
-Stick it together with caramel?
-Yes, stuck together with caramel.
-It's very difficult.
-Difficult to do it with caramel.
Well, good luck.
[Linda] This is my tart case.
Just trying to
not overstretch it. [chuckles]
Pricking the base of the tart.
Erm… [chuckling]
[Peter] That's gonna allow
any steam to escape
and stop it
from getting all bumpy and uneven.
-Then this pastry's gonna blind bake.
-In it goes.
-[Marc] That's going in.
-[Linda] That's going in now, this one.
[Laura] This is the cage pastry.
Can I say, I actually
love it when you beat the butter up.
You think it's Paul.
-[both laughing]
-[Laura] I couldn't possibly say.
-Hello, Laura.
-Hello.
Laura, tell us all about your caged tart.
-I'm doing a key lime pie-inspired tart.
-Ooh.
I'm going with a botanical theme.
I'll hopefully show you
I can do delicate and fine today.
[Noel] Laura's lime-y filling
will sit on a crunchy ginger pastry,
accented with Italian meringue.
It'll be caged
in a domed puff pastry lattice,
adorned with pastry snails
and elegant butterflies.
This one's for my dad.
He absolutely loves this.
He devours it every time
I make it for family gatherings.
-Key lime pie's one of my favourites.
-Is it?
-I love it.
-You're on a winner there.
[Peter] Now I'm making
the pastry for my cage.
I certainly did not make
a pastry cage before this challenge.
[Matt] A true test of pastry prowess,
the bakers must hit the sweet spot
with dough strong enough not to collapse,
but tender enough for eating.
[Dave] I'm doing the exact same again.
My cage sablée, pâte sablée.
Yeah, cocoa pâte sablée.
Choux isn't very robust.
Yeah, it's a hell of a risk.
I've gone for that
because if I can nail it, it looks good.
[Linda] It's the same pastry recipe
as the pastry case,
but I've adapted the recipe so that
it doesn't fall apart when it's moulded.
[Mark] Rough puff isn't something
you would use to build a cage in.
It's quite a risky one.
I just really hope it works.
-[Noel] What's the cage about?
-[Peter] It's weird.
-I've never seen a caged tart before this.
-Don't know if I have.
They do look quite cool
when they turn out well.
[Noel] I'll take your word for it.
[Matt] Peter's tart will have
a hazelnut pastry base,
a baked lemon filling and blackberry curd.
It will shelter
under a domed shortcrust cage
decorated with edible flowers.
[Peter] I love a lemon tart.
I think it's my favourite.
I like this one a lot.
[Noel] But he's not the only baker
tweaking the classic tarte au citron.
I'm making a lemon tart.
So, hopefully I will manage that.
[Noel] Hermine's tangy
lemon and lime filling
will be topped
with sweet Italian meringue.
She'll box her bake in
with an ornate pastry cage.
You had such a great day yesterday.
Can you do it again?
I am hoping 'cause I kept saying
Bread Week wasn't mine,
Biscuit Week wasn't mine.
And I feel Pastry Week
is the area where I excel.
-Good.
-More of the same, please.
Gonna start making the panels
to make the cage.
[Lottie] These are my stencils
that I'm gonna pipe my choux onto,
and then cook it, and then assemble it.
Sounds easy, doesn't it?
Er, no.
[Mark] I've rolled out my rough puff
and I'm just using some circle cutters.
Then I'll pull that over the mould.
-This is just a lattice cutter.
-[Marc] Cuts out all the lattices for you.
[Linda] These are my strands
to make the cage.
Put 'em in the oven, and then
they come off the bowl, that's the plan.
[Peter] There's no particular pattern
I'm going for here.
Just make some nice wavy lines,
hope it looks good, and make sure
that enough of them cross over,
so it gives it a bit of structure.
When it goes in the oven,
hopefully it will gel together.
Cutting out rhomboid shapes in it now.
Inspired by the Louvre.
[Lottie] It is a pyramid.
It's me trying to be creative, all right?
-[Matt] Is that a cage or a helmet?
-[laughing]
Who in this room
would you put in your cage, if you could?
Oh, I think, like, a really,
little mini Peter would be cute.
Yeah. Oi, Peter.
Laura wants to put you in a cage.
Poor kid, he looks terrified.
What would you do if he was in a cage?
-Feed him cheese.
-[both laughing]
After this time call,
would you like to play table tennis?
Yeah. Bakers, you're halfway through.
-[exhales]
-Ooh, halfway to paradise.
I'm gonna get my tart case out now.
Ooh, naughty.
[Hermine] I'm happy
with the way they look.
[Dave] It's cracked a little bit,
but it'll have a filling in it
that will hide it.
[Mark] Darker than I wanted,
but I'll be trimming all that off.
It's fine but it's not phenomenal.
[Noel] With their cages moulded,
cut out or piped,
it's now the bakers
can get them in the oven.
[Marc] I'll give it 25 minutes and check.
[Dave] This is going in
for 20 minutes. Two at a time.
[Linda] Fingers crossed.
[Laura] Good luck,
my beautiful little helmet.
[Mark] Please, pray that this works.
Fingers crossed.
-[Matt] How's it going?
-Going all right. This is a tough one.
-Why?
-There's just a lot to do,
to think about, a lot that can go wrong.
-What has gone wrong so far?
-Nothing's gone wrong so far.
Then you just lied to me.
[Noel] All being well,
Mark will put together
a pear and sage tart
with layers of pear jam,
pear and sage mousse
that will sit inside
a rough puff pastry bottle cage,
resting on shortbread biscuit sand.
Goodness, this is an ambitious business.
I love the idea of the sage.
I'm confident that it'll work.
I have to be positive about this one.
-[Paul] Thank you.
-[Mark] Fingers crossed.
You've got them
excited about the flavours.
It just has to look good now.
-[Matt] It will. Good luck.
-Thank you.
[Lottie] Okay. What now?
[Matt] While the pastry cage
demonstrates design,
the filling for their tart is a chance
for the bakers to showcase
a flair for flavour.
This is the chocolate crémeux.
Just like a really thick chocolate cream.
It's toffee popcorn crème diplomat.
Tastes like popcorn at a push.
[Mark] Yesterday was yesterday.
It was a different crème pât.
[Linda] I'm just making the gypsy tart.
It's actually just sugar
and evaporated milk.
It was a favourite of mine
when I was at school,
that's why I'm making it.
[Matt] Linda's gypsy tart
has a sweet pastry base,
topped with a coffee
and brandy-soaked sponge.
It will nestle in a colourful
rosewater-flavoured pastry dome.
Word on the street is
you're doing a gypsy tart.
-I'm doing a gypsy tart.
-[exclaims] What?
When I was at primary school,
we used to have gypsy tart
and it was my favourite.
I've never seen it since.
-Yeah.
-And you're making it today?
-I mean, very simple ingredients.
-Come on.
-I don't care how simple it is. Come on.
-Yeah.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
[Noel] After a tough time
in the technical,
Marc's also banking on a much-loved bake.
[Marc] My favourite pudding
in the whole wide world
is a blackberry and apple pie.
So this is kind of like
a posh apple and blackberry pie.
[Noel] Marc's upmarket tart
will have a sablé Breton base,
blackberry jam, caramelised apples
and a chocolate crémeux.
His full puff pastry cage
will be decorated
with shortcrust flowers and vine leaves.
If it turns out how I want,
I'll be really pleased.
[Mark] I'm sweating.
There's just a lot to do.
I feel, erm… I'm feeling behind already.
How long do we have left?
-[Noel] Bakers.
-[Matt] You have one hour left.
-I thought we were good in that.
-It went very well.
[Linda] I'm gonna get my cage out now.
[Lottie] It is very fragile.
[Marc] It's a nice golden brown colour.
-[Peter] All going well.
-[Mark] Looks quite good.
[Hermine] I was hoping
they'd glue together a bit more.
[Dave] Let these cool down
'cause they're too delicate at the moment.
I'm gonna shove it in the freezer.
Try and cool it down.
[Matt] As cages cool,
the blind baked tarts
can be moved onto the next stage.
Put it in the oven for 15 minutes,
we'll have a lemon tart.
[Matt] While some fillings are baked,
others must be cooled to firm up.
[Marc] Putting jam,
then build up the crémeux from that
and chill for 15 minutes.
[Matt] With tarts left to set,
the bakers can crack on
preparing finishing touches.
[Mark] At last, some pear action.
I'm using Conference pears.
You need to stop
making me say that word in my accent.
Pear. [chuckles]
[Hermine] I'm gonna put my macaroons in.
[Linda] This is the lacy template that
I'm gonna slide onto the top of the tart.
Like, you get a doily
and it's all… [mumbles]
This is my caramel,
and then we're gonna add the apples,
and that'll be one of my layers.
Let's just hope that works.
-[Noel] Look at this fruit.
-[Laura] Lunch for a rabbit.
[sing-song] I'm preparing
lunch for a rabbit.
You look quite calm today.
[sing-song] Star Baker
is looming in the distance…
[normal voice] and you're
making lunch for a rabbit.
Come on, then.
-[Noel] Hello, lattice head.
-[laughs]
-You ready for a time call?
-[Matt] Yeah.
Bakers, you have half an hour left.
What? Is that real?
Half an hour? It's gonna be tight.
This a lockdown look. That's right, kids.
If you can't get out on the high street,
then pastry's your answer.
[Laura] Yeah, it's done.
[Dave] Oh, look at that, though.
It's a good set.
Wonderful. [chuckles] Very happy.
This is the cage. Oh, God. This is…
[sing-song] terrifying.
[Peter] The cage is pretty delicate,
so it's all about getting it off.
This is what this entire bake
hinges on right now. It's a little scary.
[Mark] Oh, I'm panicking, now I'm rushing.
[Lottie] If it works, I'm laughing.
[Dave] This is the tricky bit
'cause I need to glue all the sides.
They're brittle.
[Linda] Oh.
[Marc] Let's see if this comes off.
[Hermine] I've never felt so stressed.
[Lottie] This is isomalt.
It's like sugar but more predictable.
-[Dave] Glue the hell out of that lot.
-[Peter] Trying to stay nice and calm.
[Mark] Don't know what to do.
It's just breaking
as I'm trying to get it off.
[Linda] I don't think
I'm gonna get it off in one piece.
-[Dave] It will look messy.
-[Lottie] Is that stuck?
Oh… [sighs] Damn it.
-Oh, I'm so pleased.
-[exhales sharply]
[Hermine exhales]
Ugh. [sighs]
[Linda] Still too hot.
Bakers, you have 15 minutes.
[Lottie] This is now assembly, yeah.
Here we go.
[Dave] It's gonna be like
a flower piece on the top of the tart.
[Hermine] That is the Italian meringue.
[Laura] The meringue's
gonna go round the outside of the tart
and the fruits sit in the middle.
This is my blackberry curd on top.
Tastes good. Perfect.
Just a case of laying the apples on,
arranging the blackberries and then run.
[Mark] This was not the way I want to
finish this off, but it'll have to do.
[Linda] Not quite what it should be.
[Lottie] It might be a bit sticky.
[Dave] I'm happy with the tart.
Hopefully, I can cage it.
[Laura] Can feel the tension in the room.
[Linda] It's broken now.
Bakers, you have one minute left.
[Mark] I don't know what to do.
Just collapsed.
[Linda] I'll see if I can get it off.
I've got about five seconds.
[Mark] Ugh.
-Okay, bakers, your time is up.
-[exhales]
[Linda] Just wanted a little colour on it.
[Mark sighs] Better taste good. [chuckles]
[exhales] I will take that.
[Lottie sighs] That was
touch and go, I'll be honest.
I don't think I've been
as proud of anything in my entire life
as I am with that.
Hey-ho. It's a shame, innit?
[Noel] It's judgement time
for the bakers' caged tart showstoppers.
Dave, would you like
to bring up your showstopper please?
I think it looks great. I like the look
you've achieved with the mango.
I think it's wonderful.
All it has to do now is taste great.
Fingers crossed.
[Paul] It's nice and neat.
The flavour is absolutely lovely.
Love the mango.
The base is just about
the right thickness.
It marries beautifully with the mango.
You've done a great job.
You've given an impact
to the top of the tart as well.
[Prue] The overall look is so harmonious.
-Well done.
-Very good job.
-Cheers, thank you.
-[Prue] Really good.
[Paul] It looks highly effective.
The colour looks very good.
I like the way the tart looks.
It looks great.
Lovely and rich, the chocolate.
I do have a problem with the base.
-It's a bit big for the chocolate.
-Yeah.
But your decoration is very beautiful.
[Paul] I'd like to have seen
this chocolate to the edge
of a very rich chocolate pastry,
which is really thin.
-It would've been spot-on.
-Okay.
'Cause that base looks awkward.
It doesn't belong
-to that delicate chocolate in there.
-Okay, sure.
I think it looks beautiful.
It's a really clever design
and you've managed to get it to work.
-Until Paul Hollywood wrecked it.
-[Noel] Ah.
-[Paul] Right.
-[all laughing]
[Noel] Thunder fingers.
However, that shows
that the pastry will be delicious.
Flavour's lovely. But you could've
made the base a little thinner.
[Hermine] Okay.
But I have to say,
the pastry is beautiful.
[Paul] It is really good.
However, this is a really big, hefty
Paul Hollywood… [grunts] cage.
-[laughing]
-With a delicate, tiny, feminine middle.
It's a Prue Leith tart
with a Paul Hollywood base.
[all laughing]
[Paul] Overall, I think
all your flavours are absolutely spot on.
I'm very impressed with your cage.
-Thank you.
-[Prue] It looks lovely.
[Paul] It's highly impressive.
The tart underneath looks very nice.
Mmm. I love the key lime flavour.
The lime, you can feel it
at the back of your…
-[Prue] Mmm.
-…cheeks.
It's like… ooh. I like that from lime.
That's how a lime should taste,
give you a nice kick.
Your decoration's beautiful.
Overall, I think
it tastes amazing, looks good.
-[Prue] Excellent.
-You've excelled yourself.
[Prue] Hmm, you really have.
Wow, thank you.
That means a lot to me. Thank you.
What happened to the cage?
It usually lifts up,
but today it stayed on the bowl.
-[Prue] I love the, erm, gypsy colours.
-That's right.
[Prue] Okay, let's taste it.
Mmm. I love the flavour.
[Paul] It's a bit thick, that gypsy tart.
It could've been a little bit thinner.
Erm, I like the flavour.
It's very traditional.
It's quite frustrating
that you don't see the full impact.
The way it looks doesn't look good.
Well, I have to say
your cage is sensational.
Really beautiful.
[Paul] The artistry in there
is exceptional.
The tart itself, I question whether
it would be a tart without sides.
-[Prue] Very squidgy.
-Very.
Mmm.
[Prue] That tastes absolutely beautiful.
But it does look a right mess.
All the independent flavours
are very, very good.
All the textures are good.
What you've made
is very good, but is it the brief,
is my question.
I like the rather
random way you've done the cage.
-I think it's really beautiful.
-[Paul] Quite solid.
Almost looks like it's made of bread.
Just happy it's held up.
-[laughs]
-[Prue] Hmm.
Lovely and tart.
[Prue and Paul] Mmm.
That's delicious.
-Puts a smile on your face.
-Very nice. Lovely.
That's partly because
the back of your cheeks are going…
-So it forces a smile.
-[chuckles]
That's called a happy tart, that one.
That's lovely.
-[Prue] So, the cage didn't work.
-[Paul] It's not a good one.
Not compared with what you were
achieving recently. That's not…
-[Mark] Yeah.
-[Paul] …Mark.
Your piping's all irregular as well.
The poached pears don't look appetising.
It's delicious.
It's unusual, but I really like it.
The pastry's far too thick.
You missed something on this one.
At a core level, not just at the fact
that you never got a chance
to finish it with the cage.
[Mark] Didn't go well, did it?
I'm obviously
in a very precarious position now.
Pastry Week was supposed to be my week.
Hey-ho. Fair comments.
That's probably
the nicest feedback that I've got,
that line of it being a happy tart.
[Hermine] Paul said my pastry was amazing.
Amazing. I mean, what more?
[Laura] That's definitely
the best feedback that I've had yet.
I got a bit choked, actually.
Erm, I'm absolutely made up.
I thought they did quite well
after the éclairs.
[Prue] The cages were astonishing,
except for Mark L.
[Noel and Prue] And Linda's.
I think, in spite of her exploding cage,
Hermine must be in line for Star Baker.
I thought the flavours of
her lemon tarte au citron was fantastic.
You did quite like Dave's.
[Paul] I thought his cage was incredible.
What about Peter?
'Cause you liked his as well.
-I did like Peter's.
-[Noel] He came first in technical.
Is he not in line for Star Baker?
-He struggled in his signature.
-Right.
[Paul] But I think
Laura's showstopper was amazing.
-Laura's had a good week.
-She's really come up.
So who is in danger of going home?
Mark L, his cage fell apart.
He could be in a little bit of trouble.
Erm, Marc E.
He struggled in the technical
and he struggled in the signature.
I think Linda's in trouble.
Struggled across the first two challenges,
didn't finish her cage.
-Close, then.
-It is. It's painfully close.
Well done, bakers. You must be exhausted.
I'm sure you want to know
who Star Baker is.
So I'll tell you.
Star Baker this week is…
Laura.
[all clapping]
-[Matt] Congratulations, Laura.
-[imperceptible]
That leaves me with the rotten job
of announcing the person
that is leaving us this week.
It does get harder every week
'cause there's less of you
and we get to know you more.
The person who's leaving us this week is…
Linda. I'm sorry.
No, that's good. [laughs]
I can't really be sad.
I've been like a child
at Disneyland, really.
-Well done, you.
-[Laura] I'm so sorry.
It's been amazing.
One of the highlights of my life.
-[laughs]
-[Noel] How dare they?
Thank you so much.
She is a very good baker,
but she had a terrible week.
[Linda] I know I can bake.
I just haven't done enough.
I am so proud of myself. Yeah, I am.
-[Paul] Well done, Laura.
-Oh, thank you.
[Paul] Did well there.
I'm still a bit in shock,
like, I think I'm a bit like,
"Did that actually just happen"?
When it came to the showstopper,
Laura smashed it out of the park.
Well-deserved Star Baker.
I'm just gonna try and get through
for as long as I can.
Hashtag, winging it. [chuckles]
Looking forward to next week,
Japanese Week.
Yeah, one more. Let's do one more week.
It's getting tougher now.
And I cannot mess up like that again.
Yeah, I'm gonna be better next week.
[closing theme music playing]